ooh ooh oh you cheating bro oh you
cheating bro you cheat you cheating bro
yeah you trash you trash garbage garbage
who whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa camera guy
camera guy you're not supposed to walk
in US playing dragonall sparking zero
I'm
sorry you know what we have to play
something else I'm kind of bored uh Dion
Breakers
Breakers would rather shoot myself in
the foot with a BB gun no D I know what
you're going to say we're not playing
multi we're not playing multi stop come
on man all right fellas fellas fellas H
up around me camera got walk away for a
second stay over there fellas they
haven't heard that we have the very
first Dragon Ball racing game know they
gave us multi League of Legends they
gave us Breakers which is like by
daylight they gave us spids and xen an
asymmetric game is bro we have the first
Dragon Ball racing game and we're going
to reveal on this prove it right now
prove it right now right now right now
here's the thing here's the thing I'm
going to window
uh I doubt it bro I it doesn't matter
the game I'm just better here's the
question who's going to be last normally
we say who's going to win first I feel
like first second is nice who's going to
be last at this game com it will not be
me we let the comments decide comment
right now take your guesses and let's
figure it out I am morphing into my
character my head is growing taller is
that a Widows
Peak I should either protect the Earth
or become the one
fertilizer so Dion I will allow you to
count us down let's be right next to
each other all right all right all right
d get up here yeah
bro backing up backing
up all right I'm trying to see if
there's a thing we can look at to kind
of like just say 1 2 three on three we
all go all right on three one two three
yeah oh yeah I'm going to get these
fortnite coins I don't think the coins
do anything get out of my way bro you
almost KN you knocked me off
you get out of my way bro last I checked
we're not exactly
teammates I'm going way too fast my car
my my bike it's slipping I predict that
Dion's going to be in the end because he
doesn't play games like this do we do as
soon as he goes against an obstacle bro
he's done see they they always want to
count me out when I'm like the better
gamer than everyone in here bro I'm
surprised you made that D couple jums
like that did too I'm like damn you got
a I don't know why I'm the king of games
prove it right now pass these bouncy
balls and maybe I'll respect you
brooo all right he's he's still doing
something he's still doing something ah
this is barely an maybe an obstacle for
a toddler bro maybe an obstacle for you
guys but not for why am I collecting
Google pixel 3s bro like why is there an
advertisement in my game [__] I it's get
back bro it's over for me now he already
he's already out I didn't beat the
allegations no bro you you you fell too
you trash yeah yeah well bro here I am
trying to be your friend again again bro
[__] I fell you are you guys just that
bad bro we just Str a bad luck for a
second now here's the thing you mean I I
I expect this out of out of Dion cuz he
doesn't play fortnite but I didn't
expect this out of d d you play Bad
Games I'm learning the thank you for
standing up for me I'm currently
learning the course look the thing is
like once I learn the obstacles no no
you're fine I I I'm literally right
behind you bro can you even see me do I
got to wait for y'all ium a little bro
you you acted like you 7 miles ahead of
me bro times I'm right here and a game
like this being this far ahead is
detrimental here we go bro I'm right
here and and I know you about to stop
making mistakes cuz you're dumb oh my
God why is there a Google pixel 3 in the
way bro who put this amazingly
marketable phone here I'm pretty sure
it's to get back
bling really oh my God it actually is
it's a Galaxy Z fold 6 you know offer me
they're cuz I just saw literal
advertisement for the Aly zold 6 is
there a is there a way to see how far
back I am do you see
Donald all right thanks I no if you if
if you don't see either one of us you
are
behind oh no oh no I over jumped are you
over jumped how childish can you really
be how did I over jump and I'm still
ahead of you
jeez now you just now you just talking
to the moon bro cuz I'm literally right
behind you you make one more mistake and
it's though are you talking to me yes
bro you think you can cook in this first
Dragon Ball racing game of all time bro
I'm Dragon Ball racing right now and
also there was a flash game so I doubt
this counts as the first z46 wall wall
wall wall I hit a wall I didn't hit
that how mechanically bad can you be
here's the thing this is the the baby
Course once we get past stage one it's
when it gets hard oh my God this bik
control is like a dream by the way I
just ran into the red bro are you in my
own world bro I got real quiet after I
fell should we wait for you on the next
map no okay all
right bro what kind of warrior would
ever answer yes to that bro not me
what's y'all progress meter hold I I
think I hear his is there progress meter
48 out of 60 oh you're 48 okay I'm 40
I'm a little back bro I'm 43 you're 43
that is not that bad in Internet years I
just I did an over flip oh Donald messed
up Donald messed up I know you're swe I
this thing does not control like a dream
controls like ass why you fornite
watching what's up bro what's up bro
where you going uhoh where you going D
where you
going F what are you talking about what
are you talking about you're like a ah
you how did that spin me
out I think this game's bad guys oh D I
thought you were good at the game pops
ooh do I see you in world two bro bro
I'm going to be in world two in 1 second
oh yeah
zigzags ah I failed the zigzags hold on
hold on world two is getting kind of
crazy you just not finished a bro relax
relax I I I got hit with a few bugs and
glitches are you sure you're not the bug
and
glitch hey look the only thing the worst
thing that could happen here is if one
of you just doesn't finish where did
Danny quit bro where did Dan Danny quit
on world four damn which means world
four is actually kind of crazy I'm just
getting actually cheesed I need to start
initiating more long hops I'm not doing
that what if you just you know be better
at the game that's what I would do well
that's what that's what I'm pitching bro
that's my whole idea yeah going be
pretty easy oh I recovered that I'm a
Godlike gamer literally going to write
books about this they barely wrote books
about Ninja bro they ain't writing books
about
[Laughter]
you hold on this part is kind of hard he
just not finish you expect me to shame
him but I'm here though yeah see see see
Dino Dino's a hater bro he's literally
that bully that like everyone loves to
see lose because he bullying me bro bro
you bully me all the time what do you
mean that's true just got here how
different I'm just I'm not going to
shame somebody unless they quit cuz all
I shame is quitters and losers I shame
quitters and losers hey hey Dion didn't
you quit a game recently that came out
what was the game called uh I think it
was like Elden something something oh
brother didn't you just get to world 2
come on bro you got to Le oh oh no ass I
fall yo falling sucks it takes so long
oh my God he's so good at the video lit
oh bro I see you struggling up there
what you struggling on don't tell me you
struggling I got no house bro you know
this we both done do don't tell me he
struggling on this where are you D right
behind you dog I can I see you then no I
can't see you I bet you're not even
using the rearview mirror function the
rearview mirror function that worked
oh yes oh no I'm actually ass I was
there I can't believe I just cook myself
like this jeez okay okay that was a
little rough Slow Down slow down slow
down slow down yeah come on stay on
there he's struggling over there he's
struggling over a little bit I hear him
I hear him he's I just broke my neck but
as long as he's mad I guess that means
he hasn't quit yeah as long as he
doesn't as long as he like you know
keeps playing that's all that matters #
only one beat alen ring you going to
make me get on in this
video D's going to quit this to go play
Alder ring you got to turn this into a
two guys play motorcycles while one guy
fights Ron one guy loses it to Ron you
mean so he really try to make happen I'm
folling again yo you actually had a
chance to catch up D where you at
currently struggling on this hey yeah
what world are you guys at world two and
then world two I'm on 22 right now 28 I
don't actually see what you guys are
talking about at the very do you see at
the very top
no I just have a timer up there ad where
you at bro I wait for you let's see
where he's at Jesus chist dog where are
you how are you that far behind I'm not
bro if anything maybe you had a few good
sections but I know oh there you are you
were talking like I'm that far behind
you were I had I bro I was stationary
for like 20 seconds bro you should have
stayed stationary
actually hey hey hey he watch this watch
watch watch roll
three I see D they make three what the
hell and I'm getting mad hard part this
is the hardest part of it doesn't matter
who's
first it's whoever finishes cuz remember
this about to get crazy here I agree
that it doesn't matter who's first until
I pass you and then I'm going to rub it
in your
face that's mean bro oh just stop just
stop just stop just stop just stop where
are the brakes on this thing n i I think
I'm at the hardest part in the in the
whole game for your own map too you're
not anywhere yet I'm just saying bro
what what what are you dying on nothing
I got past it nothing nothing ever beat
me ever hey actually you know what don't
they have a Roblox version of this I
remember me and Donald play yeah yeah we
did and I was killing how many likes for
us to do that on your channel oh brother
I I've already done too many Roblox
videos it has to be 15,000 at least all
right 15K likes we I'm suffering from
success shut
up 15K likes and we'll do uh this exact
same mode but on Roblox we we we are at
that stage like the way do was with
these other games that the random games
he plays on his channel like yeah I play
this all the time by myself that's where
Dino's at with this you enjoy the like
you you load these up and you go a fine
a fine
Obby wow is that what the kids call
it you got the new Obby update you know
it's called that bro you're not fooling
me Oho look at me I'm nice I D I'm nice
I new tant bro I'm going to be right
there in a second where when wait for
you bro like I I'm not even turning that
direction bro I hate that I'm at the
stage where like and I'm and I know you
guys are there you guys never fall I get
it but like I fell when you fall you got
to wait 6 seconds for your guy to
actually resp is brutal yeah I got to
wait for you so you have a chance
bro you're saying all this no no
no I'll wait for you too man
oh I don't know why that [__] launched
me sideways you were
sa hey I saw you fall off your bike no I
wanted to hold on I wear to flex I
wanted to
flex he just got why did you bro because
I was trying to wait for you bro not
really oh you die what's up bro oh what
up
bro you nervous I just go too slow you
nervous bro no are you no course not I
am
nervous oh I mean this should be be
kicking and freaking ening bro here my
wait for you bro bro bro bro I'm lit I'm
literally sitting on my passenger seat
bro please don't make me wait long
please tell me you're going to catch up
dog I switch back to driver mode nice
bro
beautiful beautiful no don't miss that
jump in I waited for look I'm going to
get a little more ahead and then I'll
wait for you again no I just wanted to
get the level up I leveled up for for
falling there now we're going to have Ed
to cut back on on Dion having a nice
sunnday drive focusing yeah this [__]
kind of nice this [__] kind of
pleasant I think there is a masculine
part of me that just likes the sound of
a gas engine you own a
Tesla well uh what to Mo hey bro how
come when you go on the track you're
ruining my track bro did you see I
actually changed your tricycle I did not
see that but I saw you ruin my track no
don't reason why I ruined it is because
I slow myself down I turn into a
tricycle bro said la la la la la I want
to see I want to see a fresh course you
versus a fresh course me bro you know
what to be sickening is if we get to the
end of this and we get stuck on
something and then somehow Dion comes
through and just wins like the rock
honestly bro honestly bro correct time I
would love to see on some man versus
machine [__] that would be awesome oh no
come back come back come back oh look at
look at look at me oh he's nasty with it
he's a fortniter I'll get a little ahead
and then I'll uh wait
up oh no this part is going to stop you
[__] you you killed my path wait no you
didn't yeah yeah yeah you did actually
all right all right is there a collision
in this like I I haven't seen you guys
in a while so I don't
know wait hold on D you're struggling on
this baby part of the
game what you mean baby part that was B
I did that my first
try well I did it on my fourth try so
like maybe it was pretty baby and maybe
I did maybe I was messing up but bro I
K never mind I messed up way easier why
did it angle like that I got the I got
the checkpoint ooh please give me that
checkpoint thank you 720 tail whip I'm C
you when where we're at we're on 45 out
of
56 damn pretty far yeah catch up trying
bro there's people who are believing you
right now in the comments they're
rooting for you bro I know I'm letting
them [__]
down at least he's honest no I where you
at where you at where you at where you
at it is I'm like two checkpoints behind
you I'm being okay okay I got I got TI
mess up the hell you that mean a dang it
cuz you're bad at the game bro oh my God
at least when you fall you fall when
Styles doing
flips I am yeah that's how I'm getting
I'm racking up the battle pass
[Music]
XP doing impression of the the DP right
now what that's a lie this game is
lying you know what's going to be funny
I can't wait for for toad to wake up or
sit down to record to edit his video and
he's going to be like fortnite he's just
going to be confused what that is a lie
good he should he shouldn't be confused
bro what we've played fortnite on the
channels yeah what does he think like
we're just like forever glued to one
thing bro can he not encourage us to try
spread our wings and try something
little different honestly this is all
Toad's fault think about it where you at
what's your number you can't tell me I
can't tell you my number but I can tell
you that I'm not doing good I going to
wait for you cuz I I feel bad that I'm
just smoke you this bad in this video
game you don't have to wait I would have
caught up in a couple seconds and why
would the Tik toks right bro bro TI
toking right now someone's going to make
a Tik Tok uh what is happening to me
someone's going to make a Tik Tok uh
compilation of you falling in this game
that [__] bro my [__] shoulder hit
that red bar look at him he is so behind
talking to me I'm talking to you yes
catch up I'm about to watch you fall
watch cartoon as you fall how do you
even see me uh render distance bro there
you are
no I just fell waiting for
you did you make that jump I did yeah
yeah all right do hey world four here we
go I can't tell you world four is the
last part so really hey what if y'all
wait at the beginning of World four
though that be crazy we want to we trust
me world four actually is difficult well
I'm just saying like if we both started
all started at world four i' be that's
all I'm saying hey I'm waiting at world
four bro I'm going to get my I I'll I'll
wait too I'll wait to I'll wait to all
right look at me a little embarrassing
that you guys got to wait for me though
but you know it's fine it's fine All
Right audience I specifically asked for
toad to cut in right here so I can show
you my front
wheelie wait hold on now cut to
me yeah all right guys I seem to have
caughten up to you guys without you guys
waiting for me I'm going to wait on on
uh on the second flag before I go cuz
again that's where I spawned hey hey
Dion let's let's dramatically look at
each
other hey that a
Harley yeah ni you got a 74 bet I'll
beat you to the first flag I'd love to
see you try hey you know one thing about
me I don't race
Fair I'll see you at the first
checkpoint there fter y'all ready wo
you're both the
fall all right d this on I got I got B
what you say he didn't bro I hit the
[__] the I got so unlucky well we
said we're going to wait for you on
world three we're not going to wait for
on every single flag he keeps bro I'm
hitting the top of the ball he doesn't
hit the wreck he doesn't hit the
wrecking ball he's hitting the thing
holding up the I did that too hell yeah
all right let's go he where you at not
talk about [__] again where you at bro n
he stopped and waited bro he man block
all right it's over for me
all right I'm at the RNG
part good RNG good RNG good RNG I'm
literally Godlike I'm Godlike I'm
Godlike I'm Godlike hold on hold on it's
not over yet it's not over yet though
bro the the jump doesn't work I I I this
game takes no skill I'm actually
flipping over an any of my head but
again bro the balancing beams this looks
oh do you're Su okay good relax bro it
sometimes you know for a new player bro
it takes a little while to
gu how are you guys where you at where
you at what stage what stage we were we
were on three or four or
three okay Dion I expected that but D
for you bro oh my God suck my dick your
ass now prove it to him D I prove it
through it to
me those were Mighty slow
[__] bro are you at the wall yeah that's
what bro okay I'm I'm happy happened to
you too D what the [__] was that he look
at us bro yeah we made it to the wall
bro and guess what we both conquered
that [__] in two tries did you really
why di why you hit me sideways bro did
you really yeah we got we got pretty
lucky wow what is that wall supposed to
be difficult yeah it's it's
RNG I am
stuck that [__] is not RNG the wall yeah
there's no way are you stuck at it no no
no I I I I was but now I like I was
looking at it and then I realized that
it was an RNG and I conquered it okay
maybe just don't jump there okay I we
take this fall we take this fall we take
this
fall oh give it to me Donald stuck
Donald's stuck the Tik toks were right
they were right Donald they were
right please I'm going to take my time
cuz you guys are so far behind he's
hating again Dion how much hate can he
spread in one
video I am making fun of you I have gone
past hate and I'm just straight making
fun of you bro oh how am I always the
one who get hit by the top of the
wrecking ball on every why am I stuck
bro do I just have too much bounce I
don't know have you try being good at
the
[Music]
game [__] you now this part looks this
part looks RNG as hell which part well I
passed it thankfully but it's just you
go up into a field of lasers that you
can never see like how the [__] am I
supposed to play around is a bit oh man
and falling off is so fun at that part
too he he makes you feel better
professional for players bro so where
where did where did Danny get stuck bro
why do they give me the
checkpoint I literally [__] went over
it you have to touch a checkpoint bro
all right I'm offici you just have to
get past it you just have to land on the
platform I'm at the part that Danny quit
on and I'm not going to lie this might
be the hardest thing you ever do you
going to ever do in gaming oh my God I'm
GNA die oh my God I'm gonna I'm like
Stuart Little bro this is like Stuart
Little playing Billiards
who gets it no one huh y don't know you
were little Hold Up Wait my God my God
my God my God likee hold on hold on oh
falling on this part is not very cool oh
my God I got him a first try I got him a
first try oh he hyped it up just so he
could easily do it on way no no no no no
that that that was pure luck yo I'm so
confident I'm just going to stand here
cuz I know you guys are not going to
beat this you're not going to beat this
oh Dion's on the part I'm on and just so
you know where I'm at it's it's 27 let's
not push now let's not push Dion I was
just trying to see if there was
Collision 20 okay so you're you're seven
away yeah that PR it this way if you
beat 27 they're not going to make Tik
toks about you and that's what I got to
do bro and that's all I got to do now
Dion I I know you've been kind of trash
at this but I I believe you're going to
beat this in the third
try oh oh SA
I'm about to throw if you guys both get
here if you both get here and get this
in the first I'm going to throw
up maybe let your light shine down it's
going to be the thumbnail
shot oh you guys are here you're here
you're here Dion just locked his way
over this
obac all
right you didn't even interact with the
obst Dion's first try Dion's first
try oh wait hold he's C oh oh he's
falling n I'll do it I'll do it on a
second try though oh never mind [__]
about to be mad free I ain't going cap
hey hey Dion Dion Dion you made it here
before the guy who plays fortnite yeah
shocker when the [__] have I ever played
fortnite you play all these random games
wait hold on Dion
cooking no way I ain't going to lie I
made this part hey oh my God there's no
way what happened bro I fell off the
bike and it was like stay on your bike
hiot
ah now we're both falling because you're
a big dumb big [__] dumb idiot huh
either beat this part or become the
person that doesn't beat this he hey if
you beat this for you got just did a
back flip off the [__] if you beat this
for just sit with me for a couple
seconds we got to watch D fail a couple
times damn you're actually you you are
cooking this not going to
lie hold up did I was that not right was
that not right bro how is that difficult
do trash and the this part is hard
this is my third try a hard for
me see guys when it comes to hard games
like you guys just kind of like dumb
dumb your way through a lot of this but
like this one takes a little bit more
eate see look at him he can't he can't
just dumb his way through this one [__]
is Freo bro this is actually what uh
Goku and beerus did with uh Vegeta when
they were training on on plan of beerus
they were just riding bikes come on D
the hoes are
watching I'm doing five bro I'm doing
this
dude you know the worst part is is when
they made this they did not need they
didn't need the bars but they added the
bars for no reason bro they added the
bars because a guy like me needs them to
even struggle a little bit bro without
struggling a lot of struggling a lot
watch
this lucky they're getting lucky hey hey
Dion how many deaths you got I just
realiz death I'm oh yeah I don't want to
talk about it what are you at I'm at Li
20 I don't know at a certain time bro
like I got a move on without you bro I
only watch on my timer when it gets to
20 which is in uh 2 minutes and 20
seconds 2 minutes no he's got it
now sh no no he he does no he doesn't no
he
does when my timer says 20 minutes we'll
keep going and leave him so we'll give
him a solid 3 minutes starting now to to
make it hey just so you know the timer
is at 17 that's the [__] C I would
literally just solo play this and send
the footage to your editor bro I'm not
quitting that's that's a crazy [__]
hey D D you have a solid 2 minutes right
now it's a two-minute warning he's just
getting
bonked God if if the fa if the fail
Stacks didn't take so long to stack this
this [__] would be so easy damn I know
your death counters Frozen but he just
added all the Death counters you getting
on this one
section DD get your [__] head in the
game bro take it one take it one
obstacle at a time it POS me real fast P
me real fast hold on he might got it now
no he doesn't no he's got it he does not
got it wait no he's got it he's got it
he's got it wait he's not done yet there
he goes all right you got it you got it
all right [__] yes bro oh no I didn't
realize there's a fan there I fell so
did
[Music]
I oh [__] okay okay so you can't just go
down the middle you actually have to hit
the fan part yeah damn D kind of cooking
now hold on hold on we can't we can't
lose
him it was all the egg you're in
repressed rage bro after a while you
just get sick of hearing it you just got
to perform now woo there we go okay I
got the checkpoint I'm good I'm good I'm
good good all that was bad luck hold on
hold on we we can't we can't lose to him
now though that's why pardon me want to
keep going I know I'm not built like
that
bro [__] there's so much Rumble in this
goddamn
control now we I'll give I'll give s
credit for one thing bro and their
Rumble is cra crazy what burst this [__]
AGD as hell slowmo hey don't let me
catch up me bro I feel like you you have
to at this point I'm right next to
you like the rotating uh cylinder oh you
mother
[__] his feeling I got lazy bro cuz this
[__] part is annoying as hell that's
this is a mental obstacle this is even a
physical one exactly I hate the don't
believe your don't believe your mental
memory bro this hey let's go we out
here
oh what now you
nervous you're getting nervous I'm I'm
not nervous bro cuz I'm competing with
myself to you're getting kind of
nervous you bro there's a jump right
there yeah that's step one bro that's
step one wait is is di at the
stairs made well yeah we're at the same
spot bro do we have do we have the bump
bro oh my
God
no this game sucks bro bro why why does
slightly tapping forward shoot me up 70
M an hour and then pressing back hey
that's part of the challenge
bro this this game sucks BR that [__]
was not even BR this this is garbage
this better game in my uh
laboratory I'm I'm literally holding
back is there a break button
if you're holding back like that's
probably why you're
losing for real I don't understand bro
you can you you barely press forward and
then you just [__] shoot forward so
hard unless I don't know what to tell
you but like I'm going see you at the
Finish Line at this point bro that the
End come on I'm only pressing
down I'm already done at the end how do
I why is it telling me to go that way is
they're like do I follow this Arrow oh
do I let this thing shoot me me off I
don't want to know I don't know if
that's the exact thing I just kind of
squeezed in between I held X and then
basically drove off and the arrow has
Collision yes oh yeah that's what I said
that dude that was Layer Two remember
what I said that's the first part then
you get to that part now you're double
manad ah Nostalgia Nostalgia beerus is
looking for his hom he's like where he
at why is just me up here guys guys
D you're next to me let's go BR please
stop back up back up and pull up next to
me bro we got we got we got to wait for
for a boy and right now we have uh CA
POV as he struggles for the finale of
this cack how's it going if you're
watching this video you probably think
you could have done better than me I'm
just here to let you know hey uh you for
an extra challenge what's that you think
we can complete stage one again before
he completes the rest of this I could
probably be all four stages bro let's do
it oh I guess a lot of the phone ads
kind of fell off after the first few
worlds God do if you don't shut your
corny ass falling off I had to stop for
7 minutes looking ass to have you get
bro it still wouldn't have been enough
but fellas fun I'm at I'm at 40 of uh 40
I had a good time okay yeah yeah you're
you got it
then K all my momentum
jeez oh there we go Lobby then world
four I just got an ad to favor and like
hey he got it he got it he got it he got
it so when does the game get difficult
hey hey come back to home so we can pose
at the end all right so that is fortnite
obstacle races we do want to do more and
in fact if you guys have any fun ones
that you know crazy obstacles toxic ones
ones that will cause us to rage uh link
them to us on Twitter actually comment
down below as well and we'll do more in
the future but with that said
outro outro
oh
[Music]